== PLANNING

Tues:
* DONE add seed data (sites and comments)
* DONE get basic database to accept data
* DONE show data (persist)
* DONE schema and migrations set up?

Wed:
* start on ruby 5.9
* edit for sites
* delete for sites
* add basic css
* validate html and css
* wireframes photos (2 or more)
* update seed data
* check MVP requirements

BRONZE:
* two modules, one for site and one for comments
* ability to add a site
  * location (text)
  * type of construction; new or renovation (text)
  * type of building; commercial, residential, etc. (text; drop down?)
    * get
    * post/new/create
    * edit
    * delete
* ability to add comments
  * association: comments < sites
  * user (text)
  * new stores coming in?
  * link to more info/scoops from other sites e.g. PoP, DCist
  * general comment on development (text)
  * post ID (inherited)
    * get
    * post
    * put
    * delete
* add in error message handling? section 5.10
* deploy online? separate lesson on this next week...


SILVER:
* add up voting for comments
* add favorites option
* nest comments? (might have to do this anyway in bronze)
* add css/html basics
* enhance location
  * option to either enter a full, real address or
  * text field of general location
* mapping of locations via open streets map?
* update timestamp to include newer of post or comment time
* format time

GOLD:
* TBD



User stories/wire framing:
as a user I'm able to...
* view a listing of locations when visiting the homepage
* click an existing site listing to see comments and additional details
* input location of new development in the area
* enter new comments on existing projects
* edit existing comments
* remove existing comments
* login with my account to view my created locations and comments

index page:
* listing of project names, ideally with locations too
** segment out by region?
*

attributes:
* site
** location: text entry, not geo-tagged-specific
*













== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
